hi I'm crystal as a child I was always
nurturing and naturally loved dolls when
I became an adult and discovered reborn
dolls my little family started to grow
there's Haley Landon Avery Chloe Shiloh
Grace Jamie
Jeremy Maya and Sookie it isn't easy
keeping up with my collection but it's a
lot of fun hey guys so I'm here hanging
out with landon again
I'll show you him in a minute I've put
another new onesie on him but his hair
is getting a little bit messy from all
the changings and so I have decided to
make a little video showing how I style
his hair in different ways so it can
give you an idea of some neat ways to
style your little baby boys hair okay so
for Landon's hair I'm just using the
mixture of the leave in conditioner
mixed with water and I just spray it on
you don't want it too wet though and
then you can either use a baby brush or
a big kids toothbrush which I kind of
like better because you can its finer
and you can shape the hair more so you
just follow the hair like the hair
pattern that's rooted in you can just
brush it down and you have like a swirl
hair so you just follow that
you just keep going his hair is rooted
like directionally and a pattern as you
can see so you just kind of follow it
and a good way to define the swirl is if
you just wet it a little bit put your
finger in the middle of the swirl and
then brush the hair around it it holds
um a really nice shape
so that's kind of a good way to define
the swirl and then you just keep
brushing and then I usually put his hair
like in a little swoop like this but you
can also do a mohawk if you want which
is kind of fun to do on the boy reborn
you would need it to be a little bit
wetter and then you just take your baby
brush and just soup it up in the middle
like this
and then he has a little more walk
and that's how you can give a reborn
mohawk hey guys so I realized after that
you couldn't really see how I was doing
the Mohawk on Landon's hair so I just
thought I would redo that for you guys
and so basically all you do is you wet
the hair and then you take your brush
you can see it and you're just gonna
brush the hair up like that it's really
quite easy to do you're just basically
taking your brush and sweeping it up
towards the middle on each side and then
you have a mohawk very cute Corrine can
just brush it flat down straightforward
or you can brush it to the side which
has little painted hairs that Amy did
doesn't side so I can to just always put
his hair to the side and that's it
pretty easy you can also just spray the
conditioner onto the brush and brush it
that way it's really up to you what you
want to do and you just brush it gently
to make sure the hair doesn't come out
most reborns their hair is sealed from
the inside but Landon's because of the
way his sculpt does he has like a shell
inside of his head so amy was unable to
seal his hair but it stays in pretty
well I think the shell kind of holds it
in place but I still have to be careful
because his hair could fall it but yeah
so that's how you style your reborns
hair okay guys so here is a close-up
before we go just to show you his hair
it's still a bit wet but once it dries
it pretty much stays this way as you can
see he has some parts that are a little
thicker than others but that's newborn
Mike and then at the side I just like
just brush it down at the side so I did
his little side swoop but um maybe next
time I'll go for the mohawk look he
looks pretty cute with it actually
and yeah so as you can see he's wearing
a new onesie it's got a monkey just
hanging out it's a brown with grey
stripes and this is sighs three months
Carter's but it fits him quite well I
think it's pretty cute for the summer so
that's it for now and thanks so much for
watching and I hope you enjoyed this
little tutorial on how
to style your reborns hair of course
this can apply to girls not only boys
I mean Mohawks obviously for the boys
but in terms of styling the hair like
straight down or suit to the side it can
apply to the girls as well that have the
sparse newborn look and same thing with
defining the swirl depending on how your
baby is rooted sometimes the swirl may
not be so defined and so you know you
can shape it into a swirl if it hasn't
properly been routed into a swirl you
can do it just by like I said putting
your finger in the middle and then
brushing it around so it comes in handy
for all types of roads so yeah guys
thanks so much for watching hope you
enjoyed don't forget to subscribe if
you're new and we'll see you in the next
video bye guys